you look good Janie yeah you do you
always do your hair shorter longer I
like getting to the pie knowing how to
be divorced
isn't next to impossible not that I want
him back Coryell not cheated on you your
20-year marriage ends and then he
marries her Joe you are so lucky Jerry
is dead thank you you don't have to bump
into him that's true my marriage is not
turning out as I hoped she's got me
booked the fertility center every other
day
Jacob Adler fun one tiny note no
his-and-her sinks and you don't think in
the future you might want to his oh my
god now we're talking code about my life
oMG I thought he'd never leave
are you doing here I've never really
known how to live without you I'm having
an affair with a married man
you're not saying oh yes I am turns out
I'm a bit of a [ __ ] I would like to
propose a toast to your mother
out of nowhere sudden appreciation not
totally out of nowhere if you know what
I mean I think this is very French for
us my god I have a young wife but I'm
having sex with my old wife my old you
know ex that nerdy architect really
lecture you know that Dutch I haven't
had fun at almost three years Jake
they must be hammered something like
that hey there's your ex-husband oh why
so tense big fella let's see if we can
make this war we can't Jake
about this gray sweater very old you
have to keep that it's cozy
ok I'll meet you back party
it's complicated of film by Nancy Meyers